let's take a look at some Disney racers
this is their brand new line of diecast
metal body race cars they are one
sixty-fourth scale the first one we're
looking at is stitch from Lilo & Stitch
let's get it open so we can see a closer
there's stitch also known as experiment
6 2 6
so let's take a closer look at him
here's the front I'm gonna tilt him up a
little bit so you can see his headlights
and his number six to six will rotate so
you can see his ears and his big antenna
by the side he kind of looks like a
motorcycle let's see the back I'm gonna
lift him up so you can see the trunk
and let's see the other side
you have pretty colors like the yellow
fenders and the detail on the wheels
there he is
stitch six to six digits diecast metal
body car okay
I'll set him down right there we have
another one from Phineas and Ferb we
have Agent P
Perry the Platypus let's get it open
okay there he is
Agent P perry the platypus take a look
at the front so you can see his duck
bill and his eyes he's wearing his
trademark hat let's see the side of you
um look at his tail that platypus weave
you can see there's a diamond-shaped
pattern on his tail there's the back
side and the other side perry the
platypus
Agent P from Phineas and Ferb
okay let's set him off to this side
because we've got more there we go
okay next from Toy Story and Toy Story 2
we have Buzz Lightyear Disney racers
diecast metal body race cars
he's got a paint job that is not just
green but metallic green goodness tilt
it a little so you can see how it
sparkles okay
we're not take a side view Buzz
Lightyear
the Disney racers metal car
and look at his spoiler on the back till
Dixie you can see the spoiler
there it is from the backside of you and
let's see the other side view and this
is the Buzz Lightyear Disney racers
diecast metal body race car now we have
one more from everybody's favorite
science fiction movie star wars this one
is our favorite little robot r2d2 lets
get him open okay there he is
and if you remember he communicates by
making little beeping noises right
that's the usual way dares his car I'm
gonna tilt him up as you can see from
the top of the vehicle
and we'll put him back down and rotate
he's got a lot of detail on his body a
lot of buttons and colors and panels
just like the real art to look easy from
the back here's the top of his head
and the side
there we go so we have perry the
platypus r2d2 Buzz Lightyear and stitch
from Lilo & Stitch when the Disney
racers diecast metal body racecars hope
you enjoyed this film make sure you
click Subscribe because there are more
coming bye bye